MOTO_G_TURBO	My review after using a week .pros-awesome gaming performance. no lag watsoevercamera is good . just use manual exposure.turbo charger charges really fast.no heating issues i have faced. those who talk abt the heating issues are either haters or fakers. cons-battery life is on the average side i would say.with moderate to little heavy usage it can last a day with a screen on time of 4hrs with 20% left. overall i feel its a great device for gamers and for casual users.just if they had improved battery to 3000 mah it would hv been a perfect phone (atleast for me )
MOTO_G_TURBO	Well its actually my own first moto. I've used a lot of android devices. Well I must say in this price range its something if u want a reliable brand and sturdy phone then u must go for this. The first thing comes to mind while buying and after reading other user review that THE PHONE I AM ORDERING IS WORKING WELL OR NOT!!! So the answer luck. These are electronics and u just can't rely like that. That's y Flipkart 30days replacement helps in. so just go for it. I myself has replaced many products as they were not good at first time.( an old Flipkart custmr frm 2012). As of now all are working fine. Now as u know in other reviews they write the PROS. things i have not mentioned in cons are great in the phone. I will write just the CONS : 1.high priced a bit. 2. No USB cable in the box 3. Only 2gb though 64% is user available but still this price is high for only 2gb ram. 4. Heats up on 4g but that's normal on all the other 4g phone while using 4g. REST NO OTHER CONs. I recommend to go for it IF U WANT A RELIABLE phone AND BRAND. WHich GIVES FAST CHARGINH AND FULLY DUST PROOF PLUS WATER PROOF AT THIS PRICE. . 40MINUTES FULL CHARGE.,...
MOTO_G_TURBO	Hi Bought this is as my secondary phone - black color.Points those might be helpful to others: In image you will see white phone has slight blueish back color. But you need to know is, black also has same bluish color back. (i.e. image of back color phone is not accurate on Flipkart).  Side button are little loose. you can see them moving little up and down (I am not sure if moto g3 also has same thing.) I am giving 4 star, because its not prefect but yes great deal in such amount.Good points are:Performance is good.Stock UI (you will get feel of nexus software).No extra unwanted apps and software.Design is decent.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Just got the device delivered this morning. Unto now, there has been nothing to complain about.  Impressive:speaker volume is loud enoughmultitasking seems really good Unbelievable fast charging (really charges very quickly)Battery seems good ( initial impression)  Note:experienced heating on the back cover during initial use. But once i charged to 100%, issue is gone.
MOTO_G_TURBO	I was waiting for a dual sim 5 inch phone with expandable memory under ?15K. Moto g3 turbo edn was just the phone I was looking for and wasted no time in ordering one. I'm sharing my views on this phone after using for the last 4 days. I bought this one after exchanging my Nexus 4. What I like about this phone? It has 16gb internal and expandable up to 32gb thru microSD (dedicated slot). So I get 48gb in total. That is good enough for me. Crisp display. My son who owns Nexus 5 said it's display is better than Nexus 5.Sound quality is better and louder than Nexus4 It has dual sim. This was the main reason to dispose off my Nexus 4.It has Swipe enabled Google keyboard (Indian English) as well as Hinglish/Hindi keyboard. Keyboard option can be changed easily without going to Settings.Takes decent photos.This phone is not making me miss my Nexus 4 which I used for 2 years What I don't like about this phone? Turbo charging- I started charging when the phone reached red zone (down to 10% charge). It took 29 min to reach 50% charge. Another 90min to reach 100% charge. Can we call this turbo charging?Battery lasts for a day (on an average 5.30am to 5pm) with moderate use. I wish it lasted for 3-4 hrs more. Overall, I'm happy with this phone. It's really value for money. Instead of buying an expensive phone which will not have much resale value after 1-2 years, it's better to buy phones like this. It won't disappoint you.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Moto G Turbo is far far better than Moto G3. Ordered this on 11 Dec 15 and got this delivered on 12 Dec 15. Thanks to Flipkart. Coming to this phone:Pros:Good battery life lasts for 1 day with full 4G, Games, Video.Camera excellent both front and back.Screen resolution is also very good.Sound quality is excellent since speakers are on front side.ConsNothing till now.Overall value for money. Close your eyes and go for it
MOTO_G_TURBO	Well, we all know about the pros and cons. The experience with the device is awsum. The only issue is HEATING. Whenever it gets heated, you can drop it in water, since it is water resistant, it will not run down and get cool quickly. Jokes apart. Good smart phone. But Moto should give a competition to One Plus
MOTO_G_TURBO	The product was Well packed & delivery the next day of the order. Loudspeaker is Good. Clear & loud. Battery is amazing only if u r using one sim. (Can last for 2 days at normal usage. Mite differ for others.) In-call hearing is Good too. Feels Good in the hand. Nice grip. With water resistance. Camera quality is not that great tho its 13MP. (My nexus 5 does the better Job der.) Over all the phone is great for day to day usage. Looks Great feels great. Thank u.
MOTO_G_TURBO	So I bought this mobile with in a day delivery and Flipkart did a great job at that ! The mobile itself is quite power packed, with following : ProsFast bootTwist wrist, Shake functionsFast processing, no lagging with heavy use for a 24 hrs use.Rubber back case, awesome gripCurvy designGuaranteed to get Marshmallow pretty soon. ConsCamera could have been better. But overall, am pretty satisfied with my purchase at this price.
MOTO_G_TURBO	I received this before 2 days. Here is my experiences with this product ( moto g turbo edition.Build quality is very nice.No extra preloaded apps. Camera is nice. ( if you want high quality result then buy professional camera. )Battery works fine if you are not a gamer.Turbo charger can charge this moto in approx 1.5 to 2 hours.Not lagging while playing games. Cons.It should come with data cable.Head phones is not the best.( it is not bad too.)Display is not bright enough(White). But quality is fine.You have to download new launcher app to remove Google search box from home screen. Bottom line.Every mobile has one or more advantages and disadvantages.But if are quality lover. Go for it.
MOTO_G_TURBO	it has display issues.Motorola is using cheap displaymobile is overheating when charging {42 to 48} degreesi am getting screen Lights on the Power and Volume Button
MOTO_G_TURBO	The mobile looks great but didnt feel its user friendly.I have used nokia, samsung, sony - thy r good in thr own way. But moto g turbo edition battery backup not up to mark, heating happnes, hanging happens its pretty new phone, head phone sucks you can't hear properly . Cant use it for con call , can her radio - Audio is very very very bad. I give 0/5. Not suggested.
MOTO_G_TURBO	You can buy it whithout having any Dout about this product....Just Loved it Pros: Water Proof, Dust ProofQSD 615 Octacore with Adreno 405 (Same as that of Moto X Play): You can play all the games better than Moto X Play but loading will be slow.Good Build QualitySuperb PerformanceSufficient Internal Storage(10.97GB) and RAM(2GB)Good Audio Quality (Speaker & Ear Piece)Turbo Charger/Charging - 50% in 30-35Min, 80% in 1Hour, 100% in 1 Hour 30 Min.Stock Android - No BloatwareOTGGood Display with Enough brightness.
MOTO_G_TURBO	First let me talk abt the delivery than abt the device!!!! Delivery-delivery was awesome . didn't chose one day delivery but got delivered in a day!!!neatly packed!!!thanks flipkart!!! Now let's talk abt the device !!! Physical look- the look is awesome it has a metal strip around it.and a moto dimple below the camera!!! Camera-the camera is just awesome!the rear camera captures great images in natural light but struggles in low light and artificial light!it is the same with the front camera!!! Display-the display is only 720p but the display is just awesome!!!but it the side angles are not so great but good!!! Ram-this is the area which amazed me the most!on the first boot it gives abt 1.2 GB of ram!which is amazing!!! Memory-it has free space of nearly 12gb and can be exted using sd card ! Supports usb otg!!! Heating-lot of guys told that the device is heating becaz of chipstet!but there is no HEATING ISSUE ! Multitasking-it is as smooth as butter!just can enjoy it!!! Charging-the most interesting feature !the turbo charger charges the device frm 0%to100% in 60 min!!!it charges the device in a boom!!! Battery-the battery backup is awesome it can last fr a full working da!it give screen on time of nearal 4hrs!!!so it just awesome!!! Gaming-it can handle any game with ease !I played all the high end games like Nova 3 I was plyng so smmothly as butter!I'n fact plays games better than moto x play!!!jst loving it!!! Antutu score-it cored nearly 33000 in the antutu score!which is low but the user end performance is waesome!!! Ui-the ui is jst awesome!there is no bloat ware!only two extra moto apps which are very useful!but this will also removed in marshmallow update! Updates-as we all know this is a moto device we will get updates soon!in fact marshmallow has started rolling out to x style ! Soon this device will be update!!! OK google-this is just awesome!I wrote half of the review with this oly!!! Verdict-if ur a funky guy nd wants a nice reliable nd lasting device!and love to update ur device and play a lot of games just go fr it !!!!if u start using it u will never complain !!!nd u will just enjooooy!!!I am loving it!just go for it!!!! If u find this review helpful!just hit the helpful button!!!!
MOTO_G_TURBO	Moto g turbo update required battery draining fast for normal use
MOTO_G_TURBO	This price bying super fone.Flipkar packing is good.No hang Specifications super Dis advantages: no usb cable in box,earfone old model,charging time heating problem.battery drain fast..heating above 45 degree celcius
MOTO_G_TURBO	After using Iphone from last 2 years. I wanted to get a taste of Andriod. So i was comparing Vivo V1 and Moto.Got my moto today. Its impressive at 1st look,Sturdy.StrongQuickGood touch  Things I dnt liked isHD screen is not that impressive. (Micromax Canvas 5 has a brilliant screen at 12K)Camera :( bad. ( Remember I was using an Iphone 4s) I will use this for a week and update you with my review. till that time.Keep Rocking
MOTO_G_TURBO	This one is value for money. The first look of phone will be breathtaking. Very good build quality. Great Sound, Awesome Display.Am happy that I purchased it.
MOTO_G_TURBO	As we Snapdragon 615 Octa Core processor has heating issues , so you can decide now. Turbo Charging Battery but it drains at same speed. It is similar with other Moto G phones , so you will have compromise with the look and finishing.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Best phone under 15000.sometimes specs in real are more important than paper.no need for second opinion just go for it.
MOTO_G_TURBO	I bought this mobile during December 2016, Good mobile, charging quickly very useful during travel, solid body, good response in multitasking, sound clarity during call etc.,, Constraint:Head phone could be better
MOTO_G_TURBO	Only drawback is,it gets heated alot on charging and also with prolonged use. Everything else looks good within this price range.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Phone is good using from 19 jan 2016. Little bit heating issue some time not as much hot as i read in previous reviews.All fetures are upto mark except 2 of them. 1st battry drain fast on using internet by sim not drain fast over wifi. 2nd camera is ok ok good in day light.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Got his phone around 4 days back. Updated with marshmallow (603 mb file). Exchanged this during republic day sale with my Moto G2 for 4k. Main thing that i would like to mention is about "heating issue" that many are worried about. In fact, i too went thru multiple reviews on youtube and else where before buying this phone. At one time, i even thought of replacing my Moto G2 with Moto G3 instead of g turbo. No Heating issue at allOn day 1 (Jan 23), when i switched on the mobile, i did find that the phone got warm all of a sudden. But post that, i have been using wifi, 3g, 4g, social media etc. There is "no heating issue" at all. this is honest review. Most surprising, i do not find heating issue even while using turbo charger. Not sure, if the later shipped handsets are with some updates. Moto Turbo chargerKiller, Awesome. Charges from 12% to 45% in just around 20 min. And full charge in an hour (i mean around 95%). CameraVery good in day light. In low light, it is okay, no complain as well. One issue i found with marshmallow updateRemaining battery display is weird. Some time it shows 15 hours left for 75% charge, sometime 12% left for 43% charge. I no longer see it now.  Battery backupI am a normal user and do not play games as such. For me, it easily lasts throughout the day with normal to heavy net surfing (3g/4g), wifi, facebook etc. Best thing i observe is: when the mobile is on stand by mode/not in use, battery backup is like awesome. Not even 1% drops for as long as 30 min. Performancethis is one key thing i noticed as i was earlier using Moto G2. Superb performance. You can notice how fast apps open on the fly. You can clearly distinguish. Great. So, overall, i would say this is a best buy at this price (or in case you want to exchange though the same is not available right now as i write). Solid look as well. After using moto mobiles with stock android experience, i find difficult to move to non-moto mobiles.Believe me, no heating issues at all. Giving 4 star rating. Wish i could give 4 and half.
MOTO_G_TURBO	First and foremost, would like to clear the biggest doubt here. There is NO EXCESS HEATING on this fone like mentioned in many reviews due to its octa-core processor or for whatever reason. You could feel a bit of heat while charging since the fone is a completely sealed piece for water proofing it, else there is no noticeable heat while browsing for long hrs or so. Secondly, would like to congratulate Motorola for a truly exceptional product release at this price, particularly deserves praise for incorporating the most needed feature for any fones these days, turbo charger to the Moto G 3rd gen model. Pros:-Hats off for the addition of Turbo Charger which in fact is included in the package unlike for other Moto fones where it needs to purchased separately (for a price of 2.5k apprx). It charges the fone from 20-100 % in roughly about an hr. Solid build quality of the back cover that provides a premium feel n touch besides an excellent grip. The sound quality is top notch, super clean n loud. It would have been perfect if it were stereo, but you could still let go of it. Picture quality, graphics and UI is quintessential Moto quality.....Seamless, peppy and upmarket. I must mention its one of the few fones that comes with an option to upgrade to Marsh Mellow in as early as Jan, that's huge. Processor is lighting fast due to the addition of Octa-core processor and a decent 2 GB of memory.comes with a slot to upgrade for more space which is great cos Nexus fones dont have one. Camera is quite decent, probably the best at this price Cons:- Earphones are pretty basic, cant expect much for this price anyways. USB cable not included, providing one would just make life easier for the customer if he doesnt have one, not sure why they havent included a cheap accessory such as this one when they can provide an expensive charger. The phone definitely feels on the heavier side, especially when held for long hrs, 150gms. Overall, if you're looking a a big brand...superior sound quality, solid built, a modern UI, the fastest charger ever ......all of which u find in Nexus fones but can't afford it, this is the one for you.....don't break your head too much for this price, just go for it.
MOTO_G_TURBO	I received the product 2 days after the order was placed, I am very happy with the fast delivery of product. The device got updated to marshmallow as soon as I powerd on the device thanks to 4G speed,The phone is very good, dosen't hang at all no lags or whatsoever, great display, waterproof, amazing processor, awesome gaming performance (even though Snapdragon 615 is underclocked at 1.5Ghz, still it is same processor that is being used in MOTO X Play) have tried Lara Croft Relic Run, Mortal Kombat X, GTA SA, GTA 3 all nin high graphics and mostly full settings BUT!!! yes there resides a but, Battery hardly lasts half a day on normal usage (lowest brightness, 60-90 min gaming, hardly 30 min call,GPS on, 4G Data turned on only when needed for browsing or whatsapp ), you'll need to carry a power bank wherever you go or else battery would be depleted, they say battery can survive a day of mix usage, i'd like to say i can't even survive half day of mixed or even normal usage, looks like Motorola has provided turbo charging feature as an atonement to poor (no very poor) battery life
MOTO_G_TURBO	Turbo charger performance has been similar to moto 3g charger performance. Battery has been draining fast. when used 4g sim, in one slot signal stopped for every 3-4 hrs again i have to switch off phone and restart again.this makes receiving of emergency calls problem.   In another slot, data only coming but unable to call. this makes the product useless. head phones are not at all good comapred to LG H442. charger lacks USB Cable, which should be basic thing for Rs.15000 worth mobile.this makes difficult to connect to PC to store data to PC. This phone is worst than the before models like moto3g,etc. but costs more than before generations. Phone is getting more heated when charged and watching youtube. Charging of this phone is taking time similar to moto3g and earlier generations. there is no name significance of turbo apparant when using.  looks SAR also high when kept at ear during talking. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE
MOTO_G_TURBO	Life is a gamble. Some choices r rt, some wrong. Reason I gave 1 star: is cuz yesterday 20.1.16, the phone was priced at 11k.The phone was launched on 10.12. 15 @ 14.5k. The phone was delivered to me on the 21.12.15 @ 14.5k. So just after a month of its launch the phone has depreciated by 3k! And for good reason: Motorola and, or flipkart are selling an inferior product. They strategically overvalued it, so brand crazy consumers would rush.  Now substantially devalued it, so that it's truly an overvalued, below budget phone. My previous phone was a Nokia Lumia 925, which cost me 26K, a few months after it was launched.  So compared to my previous phone: This phone lags.The Octa Core and 2 GB RAM is nt 4x n 2x the specs of my previous phone.Never imagined the usable memory will only be 11GB, of 16GB. The phone display quality is bullshittingly coarse.The display glass got scratched within 3 days of extremely careful use. The camera sucks.Either there is a shutter lag or the image stability is crap. To be honest I have not used yet used the secondary camera, as I'm not a selfie fan. The battery on full charge maybe lasts me 24 hours on standby. 3 to 4 hours Surfing the Internet n0 multitasking.Similarly, 3 to 4 hours using only GPS and zero multitasking.Never played games. The touch response is too sensitive, can't b adjusted.  This phone is IP 67 meaning its dust and waterproof. But dust seems to get impregnated behind the back cover as well as the two front slits. Shattered my faith is, in it being waterproof. Mind you I bought this phone after extensively reading about the specs and related news regarding the Moto G Turbo edition. VERDICT:Overall dnt recommend. Overvalued below budget phone @ 11k. I bought mine at 14.5k
MOTO_G_TURBO	Amazingly great and dependable in every aspect. Camera quality very good.Software performance very smooth.Hardware rating sturdy.Built in quality class A.No over heating or battery drainage problems.Turbo Charging great feature.All in all in my opinion the best product in this range.Very trust worthy.
MOTO_G_TURBO	4 star for the phone but just 1 star for Flipkart bcs no delivery at my place. Had to arrange for delivery at my frnd's location in Chandigardh there also Flipart took 3 days to deliver although it's just 6 hours away frm Delhi where single day delivery is available. Coming to the Phone-  Build Quality - 10/10 Solid, feels really good. Looks Decent. Water n Dust Proof. Size & Thickness - 9/10, I like smaller 4.5 screen size. 5 inch screen size is some what big for me But it's OK, not an issue getting used to it. Thickness of the phone is perfect. I dont understand why companies making super thin and 6 inch size phones Display Quality - 10/10 - specs may tell u that its not HD but I dont need a better display than this Call Quality - 10/10 Just awesome Performance & Mutitasking - 10/10 - I dont play heavy games. No heating issue. Only a VERY MILD heating while charging. Sound Quality - 9/10 User Interface - 7/10 - Very Fast n no bloatware but it lacks customization n features. I think ASUS ZEN UI is lot better. Camera - 8/10 - Rear camera 8/10, Front camera - 9/10, Camera App - 5/10, Low light performance - 7/10 Battery - 10/10 Awesome , Long Lasting n Turbo Charging. Gives me 24 hours usage Value for money - 08/10 Over ALL - 09/10
MOTO_G_TURBO	Whats the price? Rs. 12499 is the price I got it for.Yes in this price tag there are many phones, but with dual sim 4g and Sd card and Turbo charging? I am sure you will not find a phone with these specs, at-least when I bought I dint find :P Well heating? I use the phone for whatsapp (& social networking like FB) and listening to music and browsing. For games you need to spend a lot more than this, I am a gamer I have other consoles for games.:D So yes no heating if you use this phone like I use it. batter back up is good, no regrets buying this phone at this price. Thank you flipkart for fast delivery Only one drawback, no USB( may be because of Turbo charger) and BTW earphones are awesome...its comfortable. If you are looking for a light, good looking phone and phone for normal usage go for it!
MOTO_G_TURBO	Got the phone delivered in one day (ofcrs opted for 1 day delivery :P).The phone got good looks. Solid, Sturdy and feels comfortable in the Hand. My Findings:Pros: Water Proof, Dust ProofQSD 615 Octacore with Adreno 405 (Same as that of Moto X Play): You can play all the games better than Moto X Play but loading will be slow.Good Build QualitySuperb PerformanceSufficient Internal Storage(10.97GB) and RAM(2GB)Good Audio Quality (Speaker & Ear Piece)Turbo Charger/Charging - 50% in 30-35Min, 80% in 1Hour, 100% in 1 Hour 30 Min.Stock Android - No BloatwareOTGGood Display with Enough brightness. Cons:Major Con is Heating. It Reaches above 40°C just like that. Even with a normal usage.turn on WiFi, it will heat up. Even under Charging also. The back and the Screen will get warm. Ofcrs its not that much heat, but you wont feel Comfortable. When it gets warm, the phone will lag a bit.No USB CableBasic Headphones which everyone hates.Speakers should have been Better just like the Moto G2720P TFT Display. You can find small lines on the display if you see clearly. No one will notice that so its not that Bad. should have been an IPS Display.Camera is not that great. I don't see the clarity even though its 13MP. Front Cam is Average.Battery drains fast. Its better than Moto G3. Except the Heating Everything is Fine. but if you already have Moto G3, then no need to buy this one. Wait for January 2016, you can get the next gen processor phones. And Alternative Phones for this which I Feel will be Samsung Galaxy J7, One Plus X, Lenovo Vibe P1 & Lenovo Vibe S1.Yeah Little Bit Higher Price Though! Hope My Review Gives you a better idea about the device. Decide yourself.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Im pretty much satisfied with the phone after 2 weeks of usage.The looks as well as the performance are awesome. It easily deals with high end games like ASPHALT 8. The CAMERA is great in daylight, but its so poor in artificial light. We can clearly see those grains on the screen when used in artificial light. Saw a lot of reviews that the phone heats while charging and other usage. But till now I didn't find any slight change in temp during charging and other usage. Either those guys don't know the difference between warming and heating or they might have got a defective product. But still I accept that it gets a little bit heated when heavy games are played and which phone doesn't heat when heavy games are played? The BATTERY backup is okay, but should have been better. Using an upgraded processor than that of G3 and the same 2470 mah battery doesnt sound good. Should have been somewhere around 2700-2800 mah. But to an extent, TURBO charging provides a solution. Charges 0-80% in around one hour. The headphones provided really sucks. Music lovers should definitely buy another one. For others, its okay. FLIPKART is great in terms of delivery time. ( Saw a lot of negative reviews in the case of Returns & Replacement Services) Another problem is the AFTER SALE SERVICE of MOTOROLA. I had a poor experience with my Moto E. MOTOROLA really needs to improve a LOT MORE in this area.. Hope my turbo wont get into any damage. Overall a nice product.!Would give 4 stars.! One star cut for the poor headphones and the average battery backup.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Everything is alright with this phone, from calling to battery backup to performance.But I purchased it on 5 january and today heard that prices have been slashed by 2K.Requesting flipkart to pass on this discount if I'm eligible for this discount.
MOTO_G_TURBO	It has everything you need (not want). It is the premium phone for a budget user who needs all the basics at very good quality, and something more. Great performance (playing Asphalt 8: Airborne without any glitches);Great display;Good camera;Call quality is fine; no issues so far;4G reception is great; Note that this can be turned on only on any one of the SIMs;Battery is good; lasts 2 days with normal use (calls, some social media, some games); turbo charging is useful;
MOTO_G_TURBO	This phone does have the e-compass sensors .the phone does not include the basic sensors such as gyroscope, Hall Effect sensor , Magnetometer . Lack of this sensors affect the end user experience.
MOTO_G_TURBO	The perfect phone that there is....waterproof,octa-core,2 gigs of RAM,gorilla glass,decent camera(both front and back) and impressive sound quality and most importantly turbo charging...believe me motorola gave its best to create this mid-range beast...being using it as my personal device for over a week...till now my reaction---->" hats off to the Motorola-lenovo mobility"...
MOTO_G_TURBO	I have been using Moto G Turbo from last 20 days and purchased from Flipkart. Delivery was good. The phone gives all the features that you want, front camera clarity is excellent, while rear camera is excellent from short distance, but not from long distance. But it is not an issue when everything is good. You can charge it within 30 to 40 minutes, charging is also fast. Its earphone is not good, but it is not a con. I really recommend Moto G Turbo to my friends. Somebody tells its cost is more. We are Indians, always want more from less.
MOTO_G_TURBO	I am using this phone from past 1.5 weeks and here are few pros and cons: Pros:Great design and lookGood touch sensitivityGood performance (2GB RAM coming handy here)Speedy battery recharge (thanks to turbo charger)Both camera quality is good (Google camera app quality look better than moto build-in camera app)Voice communication is clear.Wifi and cellular data works just fine. Cons:Battery discharges very fast as it charges (need to recharge 2-times a day)Device gets heated up soon if you browsing > 30 mins.Observed frequent signal drop in dual SIM mode ( I have 2 vodafone SIMs, when one shows full signal other drops)Observed device hang few times when running online shopping apps  In the box:Mobile, headset (not good for music), manual, Wall chargerNo USB data cable Hope this helps!
MOTO_G_TURBO	I am writing this based on my hands on experience on this beautiful gadget. Lot has been written about pros and cons of this handset. Rather than repeating them again, I would just list down issues which many over here complain and my experience about same. HEATING: Heating of phones is something everyone complains, which in fact is warming NOT HEATING.So called heating usually happens while :using phone when it is still plugged in for chargingusing demanding apps and graphic intensive games beyond the limits of processor to handle Agreed there are few units which may have genuine problems, but that doesn't mean all handsets will have same problem. I have used phones like moto g, moto e, xiaomi redmi 1s but never had any such so called heating problem. I owned moto x as my business phone and currently I m using BlackBerry Q5 for same.even these sometimes warm a bit if I use it while plugged in for charge.G TURBO has no such problems. BATTERY : It goes 12 hrs on an avg with full on wifi connectivity and calls. It would dip down if you use it for movies, games etc.That is not a big prob. CAMERA: Both cameras are good enough. If someone is looking for professional results in terms of pics, then one should opt for actual cameras. Phone cameras are not meant for that. PERFORMANCE: Good enough when compared to specs. No lags at all. GAMES: Games work fine. But of course if you are looking for playing high end, graphics intensive games, then it would be better to buy some game console. BUSINESS USERS: It works smoothly when it comes to emails, docs and scheduling. absolutely no lag. No product is perfect, but we as a user should know how to use it perfectly. In all its a decent multitask gadget when it comes to hardware and nearly stock android software and we as user should know how to use its potential to max. I would recommend it by all means. Full 5 stars to Flip-kart for delivery of product
MOTO_G_TURBO	Good looking smart phone. Specs are definitely high on score. Phone heats on charging and usage. Apps like TMemo is missing unlike Samsung.'Migrate' is a good feature for transferring your data.Began using on a holiday when there would be less calling but was surprised to see battery drain pretty fast.Hope there are pleasant surprises ahead and not disappointing shocks. A good transition from Samsung which has become monotonous to use.
MOTO_G_TURBO	flawless awsmbest n fastest phone i ever had...........thnk you moto n flipcart too............Initial Impression: Look like Copy cat of Moto G 3rd Gen,but Upgraded with Processor and included Turbo Charging and Safety of the Device Pros:Nice Build Quality.Audio Quality of the ear piece is looks good.Audio Quality of the speaker is looks good.Turbo Charging - Charging the device very quickly.(Turbo Charger 25w)UI - Very Close to Stock Android.Dust and Water Proof (IP67) Back Cover is Cement Colour rather than White like Moto G3.(looking for different Coloured Cover)Cons:Battery discharging fast when using WiFi and 4GIts Hot - Device is reaching the temperature Beyond 40 Degree C, when using WiFi and 4G.Display getting warm when using WiFi.(very hot)Package doesn't have data cable.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Previously I was using MotoG2. Features well match with the expectations.Battery is too good comparatively with MotoG2. Lasts for 1.5 day for moderate user.No heating till date found - received Turbo on 26th Dec 15. Cons - Not found yet.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Extremely good mobile and all the features has been configured well. Camera - High Clarity Battery - Amazing Stuff to stay longer. Water Resistance - Additional features compare to other mobiles. Happy to Moto G Turbo Edition.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Its an awesome phone from Motorola. But there are some pros and cons. Pros:Build quality, look & feel is awesome.Stock Android 5.1.1, expected to get Android M soon.Performance is good enough, as it is powered by Octa-core processor.Sound quality is pretty good, although it has only one speaker unlike Moto X style (which has dual front speaker).Turbo charging is superb, it took only 1hr 15min, to charge from 11% to 100%. Cons:Major con is heating. The phone heats up when playing games like Asphalt Nitro. Also I observed major heating while recording video with default camera app for 13 minutes, the phone get heated upto 47.2 degree C.Primary camera is unable to produce good enough picture as expected from 13MP.The phone hangs when it is hot, i.e for my case, after 13 minutes of video recording, the phone was not responding for about 1-2 minutes. Overall, the phone can be great if the heating and hanging issue is fixed via update.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Please be aware that you are not going to get an USB with the Mobile Only Turbo Charger you will get and if you need to charge other than that you need to buy external USB. The images are not truthful they show Charger containing USB but it is not not, We will getting only one end connector for this.
MOTO_G_TURBO	Phone is too good, Motorola is one of my fav . Turbo charging is doing fine, no heating issue. The only thing that made me sad is cheap quality earphone........... Other wise phone is awesome.-1 star for bad quality earphones
MOTO_G_TURBO	review after a weekreally best product by moto... heating problem was for 1/2 days but after dat it heats normally.... bateery issue is too same... first 1/2 days it was drained fastly but after it giving me good performence :)turbo charging is soo good it chages 0% to 100% in aprox. 90 to 105 minuts.. my suggestion is always charge it 100% so it will give you better performence.... overall a decent phoneand one more its camera... just amazing... still u want better 1 den buy moto x play or a DSLR.. :) :D
MOTO_G_TURBO	super mob cool to useit will charge within 2 hrs when ur battery is fully drained
NEXUS_6P	Nexus 6p is perfect power packed phone, except screen mirroring is possible through chromecast only which I got free with this phone, Casting directly on wifi tv not happening till now and still trying to figure out without chromecast.  IN SHORT : HARDCORE PHONE if you keep chromecast with the phone.
NEXUS_6P	After a fortnight of usage. Outstanding phone. Superfast processer. Abundant RAM. Vivid screen. Long-lasting battery. Brilliant OS. A head turner by looks.  Will buy it again if I have to.
NEXUS_6P	Awesome Design.Awesome Display.Awesome Finger Print Sensor.Awesome sound from the speakers in the phone. And Best of all.. Awesome Camera!!! only the battery life could have been better.
NEXUS_6P	I got this device yesterday and it is awesome.Flipkart packed really good (Chrome-cast, Back cover and Device Box ) First look :Super clear large display with good view anglesGood Build (Loved my Grey 32 GB model)Camera is pretty awesome.Low light pics are really good .fast nexus imprintClean Software
NEXUS_6P	Phone is great, kind of huge. Others have covered it well. The case is pretty much a waste. I have to order a new one. Screen is gorgeous. Battery life is also amazing. Overall, very happy with the phone.  Phone was delayed and I got a refund of 1k for the delao. However, FlipKart really nailed the delivery. Delivered the night before Diwali at 9:30 PM. Awesome Diwali gift from Flipkart.
NEXUS_6P	I switched from the Nexus 5 to the 6P. So the USP was always going to be about the hardware specs and the new "Premium" features as I have the latest software running on the Nexus 5 as well and so far am very happy. Phone feels solid and premium in all respects. It is a LARGE phone and you need to be sure you are comfortable with that. Am still getting used to the size. Unlocking using Nexus Imprint is a breeze. Screen and sound quality are awesome. The freebies (Chromecast, Back cover and earbuds) shipped with the phone. Am awaiting the Yatra vouchers and the Airtel Double Data offer details :). Flipkart exceeded my expectation as i thought the Shipping date would move out given the global demand. Definitely recommend this to those looking for a 5.5"+ device.
NEXUS_6P	One of the best android phones available in the market now. Blazing fast fingerprint reader and overall experience is amazing. Camera performs in par with an iPhone 6s. Worth every penny.
NEXUS_6P	TO MAKE IT SHORT...FIRST WHEN I ORDERED THE PHONE IT HAD A YELLOW TINT ON SCREEN..THE WHITE'S ON THE DISPLAY APPEARED YELLOWISH WHEN U CHANGED THE ANGLE OF THE PHONE..N YES I TRIED TURNING OFF THE ADAPTIVE DISPLAY FEATURE FROM THE SETTINGS BUT IT DIDN'T CHANGE ANYTHING..THEN I REQUESTED A REPLACEMENT HOPING THAT IT WAS A DEFECT ONLY IN MY PIECE..GOT THE REPLACED PRODUCT IN 4 DAYS..BUT THE NEW PIECE WAS EVEN WORSE AND IN ADDITION TO THE YELLOW TINT PROBLEM IT EVEN HAD SCRATCHES ON THE SIDES AT 3 PLACES..NOW I HAVE FINALLY ASKED FOR REFUND AND HOPE I GET IT SOON.. CONCLUSION: MOST OF THE PHONES HAVE THE YELLOW TINT PROBLEM AND SINCE IT HAPPENED TWICE ITS DEFINITELY A MANUFACTURING DEFECT...PLZ AVOID IT BUYING FROM FLIPKART..
NEXUS_6P	The phone is smooth as hell.. Camera is insanely very good.. Fingerprint scanner is spot on accurate.. Music I didn't check yet, though m a audiophile.. I'll do it later.. The biggest issue m facing is the display its kinda yellowish... It's not a proper display I think its a defected piece...Flipkart how to replace my device.. I need a fix for it...
NEXUS_6P	I was using HTC M9+ as my daily driver and switched to Nexus 6P for a better camera, fast charging and the pure Google experience. The device I received had a massive yellow tint to it. I right away understood that it was a faulty display and might be a one-off incident. After waiting for almost 3 weeks for the release, I got a device, that was faulty. FLIPKART could not replace it as it was out of stock, and they refunded the amount. I feel let down by Flipkart because of their supply chain issues and delay in delivery of the product. Also I think Huawei could also have improved on their quality checks. Overall, a really poor customer experience. p.s. The device is HUGE!!
NEXUS_6P	Hi Everyone , Nexus 6p is great , awesome as suggested in all the reviews written and you have received but it has inherent echo issue while talking to someone on speaker phone. Your own voice gets echoed multiple times on speaker which very annoying for both you and person you are calling. I have tried everything from resetting phone to check every settings in phone. But in vain so please hold off buying this phone until this issue is solved....
NEXUS_6P	please do not waste your money on Nexus 6p, it has a lag and stutter issue, some apps (especially YouTube unfortunately has stopped), some apps opening get long time, play store everytime said times out,Benchmark score showed poorGeekbench 3:- 495/1885Antutu:- 38994
NEXUS_6P	Amazing performance. Loved every aspect of nexus 6p, from camera to performance. However there are three things which I have noticed in this device. Ambient display doesn't work properly. Adaptive brightness is slow. So if you take this device to direct sunlight it will brighten up the screen with noticeable lag.And the last is most weird as I don't know if other also noticed it. If you shoot video with your earphone plugged in the device, you will hear some weird clutter like sound while playing the same video. I don't know if its a manufacturing defect or whatever but I have noticed that every time.  Apart from above three points buy this phone for performance, camera, fingerprint scanner, almost everything.
NEXUS_6P	I have used Many High End Android Devices like Xperia Z1, Xperia X10, Samsung S3, Moto RAZR. But Nexus 6P is the Only Android Device which gives justice to all the comparison Parameters on which a Smart phone is evaluated.  Below would be My Ratings on a Scale of 1-5 (1 Being Lowest and 5 Being Highest).  Screen Size - 5Resolution - 4.5Product Feel - 5Camera - 4.75Phone Usage Speed or Processor - 4.5Multitasking - 4.75Battery - 4.75 (Best till Date)
NEXUS_6P	I used its 32gb silver version for 1.5months.fabulous camera.awesome battery life.Display too cool.Nexus imprint is fastest among all devices.Front firing speakers loud and clear.Great RAM management,its fast and no lags whatsoever.Go for it,its truely a beast!! A proud and die hard Nexus fan
NEXUS_6P	Good-->Display,camera,Look,body,performance,no lagging,Fastest Finger print Sensors,Battery,fast charging 0 to 100% in 1hr30min.....Bad-->heating issue while playing games and using camera mobile was heating...But Not more and more expensive...think about it..
NEXUS_6P	Finally got Nexus 6P today....after all if's and but's.....in exchange to Nexus 6.....and I don't regret that......!!! Much Sleeker than Nexus 6.....Super Responsive Fingerprint Sensor.......Faster Speed and updated features, Display Crisp and Clear, Speakers pretty loud, Earphones similar to that of Apple....!!! I'm Loving it....!!! Must buy.....and great value for money...!!!
NEXUS_6P	Received it yesterday. Pros:Premium look.Good Sound quality from Speakers as well as supplied headphones.Best Android experience (my last phone Note 2 sucks as no update and it was stuck in 4.4.2) Got FREEBack Cover.Google Chrome cast Device.worth Rs. 2500. As soon as I connected to internet it showed me 6.0.1 (81MB) update available which in Samsung will come after ages. No more wait for real time updates, really excited to use Google Nexus 6P.
NEXUS_6P	I got this phone a month Back, bought it under Exchange offer, Got a hell of a deal from Flipkart, exchanged my 1 year old iphone 5s for 20k and got this for 20000 only. I have used different android phones in past but i get bore with them very easily but this is different its NEXUS. I will not do any PROS and CONS type of review and you guys already know the details of it. Battery backup is good. My usage is heavy and this phone last easily one day for me. camera is amazing. Friends in my group now dont pull there phones out for any picture they ask for my phone :) hahaha. Value for money, but 40K for 32 GB with no expendable memory. I bought this phone only get my Slow iphone 5s. initially i thought i will regret switching from IOS to Android. Launchers are there on Android which make you feel at home if you are APPLE FAN BOY.  After looking at my phone few of colleague bought this phone and they all are happy.
NEXUS_6P	The Awesomeness of this phone is too high. I have been using this phone for over 2 months now. I had pre-booked it in Oct. end and received it on Nov. 14. I play games, surf the net, office e-mails, basic FB, Insta, use various heavy apps and trust me... There is NO LAGGING..!!! In android my last phone was Samsung Note 2 - a beautiful phone but had its issues. And I shifted to Nexus 6P from iPhone 5S - which was butter smooth. But, Nexus is just Smoother than the Smoothest...The clarity of the images and color highlights of the images captured is beautiful. Being a selfie fan, i can assure you that the front camera is awesome. For me, it was absolutely worth to spend my money on this phone. Cheers..
NEXUS_6P	This phone is the best. I switched from my 3 months old "One plus 2" to "nexus 6p". Although none of the phonw will have any lag, but when you start using nexus you will realise the overall smoothness in the Android O.S.I switched from one plus 2 because i felt the O.S. was not perfect. Phone had some minor issues and those issues were still present after the update.Their have been issues regarding muffled voice call quality of this phone. Their is no such issue and after a long time i have a phone on which i can use loudspeaker during calls without other party noticing it. Cons: I feel the screen is a bit on yellowish side. When i compare it will other phones i really feel the yellow tint. Thanks
HTC_Desire_620G	Hello i have brought this phone on 23rd december simply AWESOME phone price is little bit costly but awesome camera in day time awesome front facing camera is great. battery backup is little bit low but get charged quickly with its own charger. truely octacore processor while playing any game it doesn't get hanged .no heating problem. i will suggest that buy this phone.
HTC_Desire_620G	phone have battery issue ,speaker also not working properly and main thing this the phone with dual sim which never detect the network.And still after 10th day flipkart customer care did not support me.Still it have 30 day replacement Guarantee.
HTC_Desire_620G	Hi guys, i have bought this device one month back.. even i have purchased this device by seeing all the reviews,but now i'm very happy with the device performance.. Finally only one word to say, Worth a single penny and guys Go For It.+
HTC_Desire_620G	Recently I bought this handset from Univercell, based on the review read from internet.here are my experience with this handsetPros : Good build qualityFast responsiveGood output speakGood battery backupGood camera clarity Conswithout cover case handset slips as body finish is smoothVery bad headset output, as output does not differentiate between treble and bass
HTC_Desire_620G	10 days of usage and a lot of experiment and a genuine feedback . Here it goes Good Looks but Cheap Built and feel. Camera is average . Have certain focus issues but Ok. Call quality not impressive. MOTO g2 was better i feel when it comes to mic sensitivity. Apps work smooth. Multitasking with a 2 sec lag but its expected out of a 1GB RAM The most appreciated part is Battery Life. 1.5 days average user and heavy data user it lasts just over a day !!! That really surprised me. Worst UI when it comes to HTC blinkfeed. No HTC sense is a drawback. HTC has lost its differentiating factor. very bad decision. hardware compromise is understood but OS... Very stock android.Very IMPORTANT - It comes with KITKAT 4.4.2 and no update to 4.4.4 :-( :-( :-( headphones provided with the phone , i bet you cant even sell it to a friend for 50 bucks Good signal and WifiDisplay is good and colours very crisp and text is readable at all lightsAverage Speaker and a very bad stock music player. Better get some paid music player if u are MUSIC LOVERBottomline :- Go for it if u are ok with all this else get MOTO G2. Both have its own pros and cons. The ultimate decision lies with you. Go with your Heart. Thank You Guys
HTC_Desire_620G	pros:great camera both front and backsuper fast performance for gaminghtc band tagbattery lasts for full day on avg use and on standby it goes 10 % on full day.. greeattt.supports otg pendrive
HTC_Desire_620G	you will not regret buying it unless you can ignore these con...` it is a dirt magnet unless you keep it with careit is not upgradable even to android 4.4.4...you will get two updates but the android version remains at 4.4.2you cannot insert memory cards and sim cards without removing battery.only the lower speaker works when you watch some video or talk to someone on loudspeaker.4 gb of internal memory for user apps. but you will like this phone for its.. great camera quality. the 5 mp front cam is superb.htc sense user interface with htc blinkfeed which you wont get in phones of other company.attractive design.5 inch hd display which does not glare outdoors.mediatek octa core processor which runs without any lag. you wont get such processor from relevant companies at this price. you can choose between this and moto g...you get better hardware and classy looks in htc and better software(android lollipop...and further upgrades) in motorola.
HTC_Desire_620G	htc is one of my favorite brand,after blackberry I DIDNT LIKE-product is good but not as i am expecting,old features,old graphics,useless touchpad,sound is ok,headphones,doesnt give you comfort of music... I LIKE-feel and look was awesome looking a sexy phone,camera was beauty front as well as back both are mind blowing and last one is HTC BLINK working fantastic. if u r really looking for good looking phones accept configurations,so u can really go for it.
HTC_Desire_620G	This is totally worst cellphone of this price. Too expensive and having a lot of problem with this phone. Body cover is very poor in look body is made of totally plastic. if ones it will drop down definitely crack occur. This phone is look like a very cheap china phone. I recommend to my friend don't buy this phone.
HTC_Desire_620G	plzzz...dont buy this product........simply waste of money.....i m using it last 72hrs....and i had faced a lot of problem in this phonepros:-camera is good enough as we know htc camera is better than other cameraloudspeaker is okay typecons:-display is not good........ as it gives hd display....but it is notcheap midiatek procesor instead of qualcomm snapdragon chipsetat this price 1 gb ram is not enoughbuilt quality is not so good .made of plastic materiallack of gorrila glass so competative phone is MOTO G2,moto x(1st generation),.....go for moto g2 or moto x instead of
HTC_Desire_620G	it's sleek and stylish . Phone looks bigger than normal 5 inch phone and it's sleek giving a good touch and feel.
HTC_Desire_620G	I bought this phone and I was happy that I got it in 3 days. Hats off to flipkart.  Then comes the product!!! At its worst...The speaker doesn't work.The battery backup was only for 45 mins and I had to charge it 7 times on the first day I bought it.I charged t for 8 hours in the beginning and then started using it.When I came back from shopping in 2 hours., the phone was dead and I had to return the product. Thanks for the immediate refund Flipkart. Appreciate it!!!
HTC_Desire_620G	I've been using this phone since 15 days. Look wise, its bestboth front (5mp) and main(8mp) cameras give a good picRuns really smooth with 1.7Ghz and octa core processor.No cons found ( and i am sure i wont )Thank you flipkart for helping me choose the right product.Overall the best product at 12k
HTC_Desire_620G	in this set htc 620g have many problems that i am mentioning below. it suddently switch off during uses.map & dailer unfortunatlly stopped.battary hates alot.touch is very slow.it freezes any time or during call.trable to connect to my pc.fast battery consumpation.cann't see in sunlight.rom is 8GB but it shows only 4GB.
HTC_Desire_620G	I am facing hell out of problems with this mobile, I bought this phone for around 12k. For the first two months, it worked properly but then it started troubling.  Below listed are the problems i am facing hope it will be helpfull. Sometimes it doesnt allow us to lift the cal.. screen wont show up.I had set a song as ring tone, it plays whole song whenever i get a cal.suddenly gets switch off.unable to transfer the files from laptop/desktop to this phone.
HTC_Desire_620G	An awesome mid range kitkat device for those who r not music lovers because it having poor sound quality otherwise its a perfect android phone.....GO FOR IT IF U R NOT MUSIC LOVER
HTC_Desire_620G	Dont go on the name.The battery drains out so fast like just now it was 82 % and after that it become 78% Wish i could have change it with other mobilesOther features are however ok
HTC_Desire_620G	The only good thing I could find is its battery. It took 4 days to discharge it's battery completely. I used only one sim and average wifi browsing 3hrs a day and average music play 30minutes a day Cons: Music & sound Speaker volume is very feebleNeither stereo speakers nor boom speakersPathetic sound quality Headset comes in sale package is the worst in the world. Display & touchBlack is not that black and white is not that whitePoor touch responseNo htc Sense UI - it comes with stock OS. htc cheated customers by making ads that it had sense UI.Display is not 5" may be 4.8" because OS controls like home, back, recent app button take space. Camera(rear)Camera app doesn't sense correct ISO/ Exposure/ BrightnessThey are claiming that it has camera tool. I couldn't find any. It's just a basic camera app.Video recording is also poor when camera is moving.There's no image stabilizer Camera position is very bad. It captures our fingers also while taking a photograph Use of flash is better in using it as a torch Camera (front)You can take selfies but you cannot take groufiesPros: Music & SoundGraphic equalizer is very goodWhile using a good headset it reproduce high quality sound. Display & touchViewing angle is surprisingly great.Colours are naturalTouch is OK while gamingGraphics is upto standard  Camera (rear)While manual setting camera is OK. Camera (front)Front camera is surprisingly great and it takes crystal clear selfies.
HTC_Desire_620G	bought this phone a week ago ,on performance basis this phone can't match with MOTO G 2nd GEN,camera quality is lower,lag in playing heavy graphics game,heating
HTC_Desire_620G	Camera quality - Average.Speaker - Below average.Battery Backup - GoodGaming - GoodMultitasking - GoodMemory - 4.3 GB usable only out of 8 GB
HTC_Desire_620G	Hi Love HTC Phones. Used HTC Desire HD A9191 for almost three years with no issues. I bought this phone week ago.. battery backup is not good for such big screen. BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT is that it does not have any notification LED light.  Some times call logs are messy.. it overwritten text.. hard to read and select.. this is really big trouble for me. Contact search UI is also very poor. Really don't recommend this phone..  Looks wise its good phone to have :)
HTC_Desire_620G	Display: Really good, high pixel density display that never puts you off as long as you keep it on auto-brightness and let it do its magic in different ambient settings. Sun legibility is top notch too. Processing: Although it is a really short time to say about its long term prowess but the processor and ram look capable of pulling just about any stunt. I have so installed a total of 200 apps on my phone with BlinkFeed set up and notifications on for Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp, Hike and Emails but the phone never slows down for a mili second. (Previously used Nexus 5, Moto E and Moto G) Battery life: Since I am mostly out and lazy enough to not charge my devices every moment, I was keen on getting a device with a lasting battery but this is a massive powerhouse when it comes to battery. I used it all day with sync on and 3G data with half an hour calling and no games and the battery is still at 70% at the end of the evening. Very impressed. Keyboard: Even though I am not a fan of inbuilt keyboards, I found the HTC sense keyboard pretty usable but switched to my trusted SwiftKey on the second day to type while I swipe my fingers when walking around. Works like a charm. Camera: The camera quality is several points higher compared to the Moto G2 and the front camera is perfect for selfies, even though I hate them. Body: The make of the phone is quite pleasing but the back is glossy. Fixed it with a matte finish back panel. Notification LED: Missing from the phone but you are unlikely to miss it that much especially with the dot matrix cover. (google it) Overall: The phone is a definite value for money device and comes with that extra appeal that's missing in bland Moto devices and a pleasing HTC UI which got updated the first thing when I booted device. Verdict: Specs on the paper fall like marbles in comparison to the overall performance of this device. Extremely happy.
HTC_Desire_620G	very good mobile within budget,Good camerasGood Battery Backupuser friendlyi will suggest to my friends for purchase of this mobile
HTC_Desire_620G	This one is the best in midrange mobiles from htc.It works smooth, no lag till now, cool look,good processor.If you are looking for brand with android then you have no option other than htc.
HTC_Desire_620G	Completely worth for every single penny, Best HTC handset at this price ! Loving itI've been using this phone for the past one week and trust me, this is one of the best, High-range android HTC variants. I'm an android junior developer and i've been testing the performance of this phone at every possible rate. Please review after using this product and not by seeing the specs. This Phone has the following Pros and Cons :Pros :Sharp super LCD displayBeautiful design and very slim, obviously fits your pocket.Camera ! ah yeah , how did i forget that . It has a hot back camera of 8MP which completely suits for the resolution of the phone screen
HTC_Desire_620G	MeritsHTC desire look and feel is good.Camera clarity is goodPhone doesn't hang and no slowness issue. Demeritsas per the Add given in flipcart the OS version was Kitkat 4.4.4 but when i received the product it is 4.4.2.My headset is not working after 20 days of use.Price is bit high compared to other brand products.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I have last week purchased lava iris x8 and I am using lava company flipcover, but this phone is hanging issue to much while receiving calls even not able to attend call. pleas do the needful
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I have been using this product for 10 days now, I love Flipkart's one day service in Delhi. I was looking for a phone under 10K for last 1 month and have been trying to buy Yu every week but was not able to buy one. Seems like it was my good luck when I came across Lava Iris X8 and ordered from Flipkart. Why you should buy:Great Multitasking device - I have to attend approx 200 mails, 500 Whatsapp messages, 100 Phone calls a day plus I use google maps before I start driving to any place to check traffic condition, I am logged in on all social networking apps and the last one is I am also logged in to all shopping apps for special deals. Thanks to Octa Core processor, 2GB RAM, Iris X8 handles all of them really well. Extra Storage - My old Memory card was just about to get full and I was to upgrade to a new 32 GB MMC for all my pictures and videos but now I don't need a new MMC. I have inserted my old 16GB MMC and using phones 12GB memory available for users as my primary memory. Brilliant Display - Display quality and screen experience is really great. Touch screen is real soft in finish, HD IPS screen gives brilliant color quality. Battery backup - I use to charge my old phone atleast twice during the day and at times trhice too but now it seems like I have so much of freedom. Battery easily lasts full day and my phone still has power when I reach home. Really happy with battery backup. There is so much more in this phone you will love it once you experience the same. Now the Cons:Didn't find much cons in this phone its just that it feels a bit thick and heavy but I am ok with it as I need to compromise somewhere for a bigger battery.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I would say not to buy this phone due to below reasons Build quality is worst & backpanel if very thin and it will break while openingCamera is utter waste, although they say Primary is 8 MPIts more weight compared to other phonesSpeaker is worst, very poor quality & couldn't hear outside
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Pro:Performance is really good. Touch is nice Cons:Battery cannot be removed.I am saying this as a "problem" because for me it happened that I tried to install an android update and the phone came to bootloader screen. The update was not compatible so it didnt install and then phone was stuck on that screen. There was no way to come out. Power button was also not working. In this case, if battery can be removed, it would have been easier.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Its very good mobile.  Pros:No battery heating problem,Good battery back as compare to Asus Zenofone 5.Gesture sensor2GB RAM16 GB ROM Cons:Not attractive like Asus Zenofone models.Back cover is very delicate it may have chances to break down during removingFront camera quality is low though it is 3 MP.No multiple option available like Asus Zenofone 5. so we cannot edit the photo as we require.Charging takes too much time. Overall I will give 3.5/5 for this model.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Cons: Battery back up is really bad drains real fast.Camera is really really, really bad for a10mp in both natural light and artificial light. In ear phones Cheap and really bad soundCharger only 1 amp takes ages for the handset to charge, and really cheap quality data cable.Speaker is really low even at high volume. Network issues; keeps loosing the 3g network indoors and outdoors as well. Pros: For NowI really like the screen, really bright indoors and out doors as well.User Interface is smooth and lag-less.  For the people of FK selling this phone, please inform the people at Lava to sort out these issues with this handset, recall all handsets sold and replace, develop ota's for issues mentioned in the cons sections. This leaves a bad taste in one's mouth for an Indian company and for the consumers who are eager to use an Indian phone made by an Indian Company.5 stars for the display and lag free UI but -5 stars for the other glitches in the handset.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Powerful Octa-Core Processor can handle most games. Played Ashphalt , NFS and many more without laggingyet few phones are coming with 1.7Ghz against 1.4Ghz with Iris8 . But with the price point of view i would give 9/10 Display is nice and Crisp. To get the better feel you need to take out the actual plastic guard which comes with the phone. The Asahi Glass is quite scratch resistant Yet again the resolution could be better but overall quite happy with the quality since the view angle is quite impressive. (9/10) 8Mp main camera and 3Mp selfie Cameras are at the Mark . 13 Mp cameras are quite been standardized. Lava are you listening ? (8/10) Gesture Technology is at its best . Quite impressive. After using multi brand phones without Gesture Technology this is one is new and unique. Once you get a hang of it its easy and fun (10/10) Build quality and style is neat . Apple might curse since Iris 8 looks a Iphone. was bugged of Glossy finish with my previous phone. The Neat Matt finish gives a classy look. Finishing is neat and clean (9/10) runs on Android KitKat v4.4 O.S and Lava has promised Upgrade to v5 (Lollipop). Waiting for it. Sound is clear , No issues with calls and network. Accessories are as usual like any other phone.  In short a nice , value for money budget phone under 9K. Nice to See Indian brand lava providing such great product.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	LET'S SEEEEE  DELIVERY=10/10  DESIGN =10/10  TOUCH =9.5/10  DISPLAY=9.5/10 CAMERA =8.5/10  BATTERY=9/10  NETWORK=8.8/10 STORAGE=for me 10/10......and.......depends on your requirement SOUND=8.5/10  my review after using this phone =1 day  problem= little heat  IN SHORT = i am statisfy with the product
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I love taking pics of my friends, my family, nature, food so the camera has to be good in any phone I buy. For long time I wanted a cool camera smartphone and Iris X8 was fitting in my budget so I ordered it. The 8 MP camera comes with dual LED flash and should give really good pics. The best part is I can take full HD recording as well. Nice memory and battery means I can take loads of pics and store them without any performance problems. Overall great specs from Lava! Hope it lives up to my expectations too!  :) :)
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I bought this phone, about two weeks back. Find it nice for my usage, as I dont play games. My usage is office mail access (outlook), chats, private emails, private entertainment, etc. works well. Screen is good, though you may find some finger prints, it wont affect you much, as its bright enough. Under sun light you might want to increase brightness. look and feel is similar to iphone, speaker is nice. camera is nice too. I took some photos indoor with bright open window in background, but camera did its job. I am happy with camera, and all other featurs except the earphones, whiche are junk. You may buy something nice of your choice, since I like to listen nice music in my spare time. Overall good phone. I wanted to buy Yureka, I give up since it disappears in 1 second. May be my pc or net is very slow. But I am not at all sorry, I find Iris X8 much better choice, compared to some of the top brands. Internet, wi-fi, work as required. Those users who use phone, similar choice can go for this. My earlier choices were all Sony Ericsson, but I find this one no where lesser than Sony, except music quality, which is good but not at par with Sony. I accidentally falled it down approx 3 ft height, but still works well. Infact those who handle this phone I can clearly see that they will envy you. Does not heat up at all. Good luck guys.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Dear friends - this is one the best phone under 10 k. The display quality, battery performace and phone built are excellent. 2GB ram, octa core processor, 16 GB internal storage, full HD features makes phone more powerful. Guys please go ahead and buy this one you will really feel happy about this phone. Just one thing to add - the sound quality is good for average music lovers but i hope lava can improve this in their next Iris release. Thanks to Lava for bringing such descent class phone in indian market and thanks to flipkart for their excellent service
LAVA_IRIS_X8	i m using Lava Product lava is the greet performance new kitkat version Battery Backup is very long time and support to all full HD videos also to be copy Apple 6so that is camera,touching Display,weight,and looking is very nice and Standard price
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Pros:- Looks like premium phone, display is pretty goodSmart Gestures2GB RAM Cons:- Camera is of poor quality. Infact my Moto G (5P) can take better pictures than this..Back Panel has so many closing locks. High chances, the locks can be broken. When ever i update the software, it asks to insert SD card. God knows why.. when its a 16 GB phone. I have replaced the handset, but the same problem is new one too..No LED Notification In One word, buy for awesome display and look.. but don't expect too much in performance..
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Well, was little hesitant to choose LAVA, but anyway tried it would be a good gamble.. Unfortunately, it is not. .  Call clarity: 2/5Camera : 2/5 . 8 MP Camera? Bull shit. my old lumia 520 with 5 MP could do much better without flash.Interface: 3/5 Its fast, and doesnt lag much. but just stock android experience. basic un updated version of kitkat. 4.4.2KEYPAD: This was a serious let down, because texting is such a PAIN IN a**. Its not precise and no scramble keyboard. you have to type out every single word.. Trust me, I dont even like using whatsapp after using this phone. The only positives are you get 12 gb of phone memory, and thats it. .God only knows what problem it ll bring forth. . and how to find service centers for this. Final Verdict: Doenst deserve 9 grand. Just got the external looks good.. inside its crap. Invest your money in good devices
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Received mobile after 3day. used 5 hrs and i write my reviews I am used MI Redmi 1st (1gb), Redmi Note (2gb) , and 4G (2gb) 1st coming under 6k and another 2 pone 9 k 10k MI phone heavy weight, not looking dashing like any smartphoneBattery issue all time live (2 time recharge depend on worked) now lava X8 under 9K, Screen size 5inch Ideal for all person to carry essay in hand and pick in pocket  Weight is light weight not say is heavy then other phone like MI Boot-up is Quick.  the best part is MULTITASK ( same time me watch video and check mail) and no any issue.Camera called 8MP back and front 3 MP both camera is well and video recording is good and Quality u can watch in PC Monitor (18inch) more my review after update (5.0.2) OS I AM SAY TO IF U WANT BUY THIS MOBILE U CAN DO.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	First of all A Big Thanks to Flipkart. It has lots of of problem in it like :- Camera Crashes sometimes 4/10Video Plaback, LAVA has option for smooth Video Playback just because of this option video plays faster than real speed and audio delaysGaming - I had Install Asphalt 8 on it and expect awesome playback 'oops' it lags a lot even in low qualityso basically it has Graphic + Camera Issueand please note if you are expecting Camera Quality just let it be. Because Camera Quality is tooooooooo Bad. And you noticed It has Octa Core Processor with 2 GB of Ram. Really?!!!!
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Crappy Keyboard and its sensitivity: The keyboard is such crappy that i am barely able to write single word without punctuation. Capital letters coming without caps lock, in case of google hindi input, english words or numbers get printed in between. Delete function fails. Even punctuation selection goes wrong with touch. It has the worst resistivity in terms of keyboard, gesture and pattern unlock. Many of times it impossible to unlock phone with pattern.  Poorest quality charger: The Charger provided is of so cheap quality. We have to keep check on the mobile connection with charger every 5 to 10 minutes. Even with small air flow the connection disappears. Can't even image charging mobile in moving automobile. The USB port at Charger end and Micro USB port at mobile phone are so unusual and of non standard size and quality that doesn't fix at all. Unusual Phone behaviour when Connected to Charger: The cursor behaves unusual when charger is connected. The unlock pattern is hard to use when phone connected. First of kind mobile which doesn't work with charger. Apps behavior: With minimum apps after resetting mobile the apps unusual behaviour observed. Most of apps gets hang or gets rebooted. Overall performance: All together feels like driving Ferrari at speed of bicycle. With 2 gigs ram octacore processors even China lowest cost substandard smart phone can beat this phone in its performance. With over 50 Mbps internet speed on mobile device, apps struggle to work. Foolish standard instructions were provided while giving Grivience feedback. After listening to the instructions feels that we should use phone in standard laboratory conditions to achieve minimum guaranteed performance with all due precautions. CDMA SIM doesn't work. The CDMA sim Slot doesn't work at all however the sim works with other handsets Battery Backup: With the new phone, I have used only WiFi (No SIM card inserted mode) for first day. And with internet browsing experience, battery performance was way below benchmark. With every minute of surfing the battery reduces 1%. With this draining speed, I could have managed to use phone for approximately 55 Minutes from 100% charged battery. With steaming media file or storage media files the battery performance is expected to be more deteriorated. Touch: Resistive Touch seems to be very slow with octacore processor and 2 GB of RAM. Sensitivity was below expectations. Notifications: With Facebook push notification, the phone behaves unusual. It picks up any random music files from the storage and plays that. With my phone I have few voice recordings which are being played with any FB notification. It was embarrassing using the phone with such unusual behavior.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I like this phone for (1) its look (2) Screen HD display (3) Processor speed (4) Fasted internet access compare to my Dell laptop, iPad mini, Samsunge Wave II and my kid’s MicroMax P200 tablets. Plus, its charger and data cable are with Indian standard means = built to stay longer.. Not listing all but It have many more things to appreciate. Love to LAVA!!
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I wanted to buy a smartphone strictly under INR 7,000.00. After applying the Dasara offers I got this mobile for INR 6,749.00. I purchased on 19-Oct-2015 and the product was delivered ASAP on 21-Oct-2015 and before the estimated time 27-Oct-2015. Lava Iris X8 has been really excellent one for the price I've chosen. I was expecting 4G enabled but that's OK, I'm not in dire need of it anyway. Clarity and sound has been just right without any issues. Really cool one. If you are looking to buy a smart phone under INR 7,000.00 then don't think anymore. Just buy this Lava Iris 8. Of course at the time you buy this product, it should also have the associated offers though..! :) Great thanks...
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I'm using this phone since last one month.This is actually a phone which is Value for Money...Camera Quality is ok, Front camera is not so good.Flash is enough to take pic at low light, sound quality is not at all good.Rest Phone is fine, not Hanging not lagging applications are running very smoothly.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Great performance,decent camera,feature rich,Good battery backup,vibrant display,awesome design.Rating as per the price bracket Display-9/10.Performance-8/10(im a very heavy user).Battery-7/10(Again, for very heavy usage).Camera-6.5(could have been better).Usage and handling-8.5/10.Gaming-8.5/10.desing n durability-8/10.Overall 8.5/10.Yu yureka,overall-8.Taking into consideration the pros n cons,design and availability,the Lava irs x8 is a better alternate to the yu yureka!
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I went ahead with this purchase after a colleague of mine said nice things about the phone as he also owns. The delivery was fast, I received a free flip cover which was a good deal or else I would have had to spend extra bucks for it. Coming into the unpacking, the phone box was completely sealed and up on opening, saw the beautiful 5 inch white color phone. Along with it, a scratch guard is also present which again is a good thing as one does not again needs to spend extra money on it. As soon as I got my hands on the phone, I removed the back cover to place the sim. There are couple of sim slots, 1 marked with gsm (secondary sim) and other with wcdma (primary sim). Without checking the manual, I had difficulties opening up the sim slot, but later found the small hook if released unlocks the sim. Initially placed the sim in the gsm slot and to my surprise, after switching on, found only the edge to work. I was disappointed and thought the problem could be with the sim card which was cut using a sim cutter. Then I tried my luck in the other sim slot (wcdma) and boom, 3g starts working. Later checking the specs, it is clearly mentioned that only primary slot has the 3g capabilities. This was weird to say the least! Coming to the features:Touchscreen: The touch is very average and less said the better. Initially I thought the lagging could be due to the scratch guard, but even removing it, the touch sensitivity was just average.Sound: Since the speaker is present in the back, when the phone is placed lying on it back and when someone rings you, you could hardly hear the sound. The sound is very feeble and it has forced me to place the phone on its display just to hear the sound better.Camera: Again camera is just average and noting more write about.Performance: I have been using it for around 10 days and already have found apps hanging, videos stopping in between. May be the phone needs to be restarted once a week at least.Battery: battery is the only good thing I have seen with the phone till  Overall, I could have done little more research rather than just taking my colleague's word and blindly buying it. If you are looking for a phone around 10k budget, my suggestion would be check for some alternate brands or extend the budget a little and go for better brands.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Good one.Good Battery Backup.No Lags, Very Fast - Out of 2GB RAM, more than 1GB would be available for use. Good Screen. Good Call Quality. Good Music Quality.Good to Hold. No problem in running graphics rich games. Octa core!Camera Quality is Good.
LAVA_IRIS_X8	About Device:: After using it for about 20 days, i can say the device justify the cost.  Pros: Superb look (some of my friends asks if am owning an iPhn)Excellent build quality Excellent Ram Management (about 1.2 GB remains free after installation of 50 apps)Good Colour ReproductionSmooth and Responsive TouchFast Charging Cons:Camera quality will definitely disappoint the pic lovers.Battery backup is not as good as expected from 2500 mAHSound quality is good but a bit low. Overall, its a satisfactory device for entry level users but if you don't have a tight budge, go for other options (like Galaxy S3 Neo, Lenovo A7000, Huawei 4X).
LAVA_IRIS_X8	I ordered this phone since i was not able to place orders of fake flash sales of lenovo & Micromax Yureka. But now i think, i made the right choice.  I am writing this review after 7 days usage of phone: Pros: Speed: ExcellantUI: Very GoodBattery: Very Good (I have not tried heavy graphic games though)\ Cons: Front Camera is not good & is of VGA quality Final Verdict: Go for It. You are getting I phone looks in 9000 rs...what else is required guys
LAVA_IRIS_X8	Pros:good builtgood battery performancevalue for moneyattractive design / awaiting the intelligent flip cover with window Cons:using black color, the backside colour is coming off from edges (so white would look disaster)camera though 10mp is pretty decent but auto focus is not consistenttouch response is a bit weird while using keyboard, feels sometimes its not pressing the right button This phone was bought out of a re-bound of not getting Yureka, so not complaining - but that is a strong competitor in terms of specs!!
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	This phone is absolutely worth the money, all the promised features are excellent.Starting off the build quality is fine, although the back case is not so sturdy.The display is crisp and the pixel density is up to the mark. The brightness under sunlight provides enough visibility.Viewing angles are also good,The sound is loud enough through the speaker.Camera is impressive in outdoor conditions, indoor conditions are not that great.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	One little thing is that, the charger that came with the box fused immediately as i plugged into the outlet, so guys take precaution while you first plug in the phone. The charger is replaceable, but in any chance it bursts, it will be another case. About the UI- After a while of using MIUI I found it not so awesome. It's not that user friendly, but for basic users that might be enough. But being a power user I decided to switch to a custom ROM. I reached this decision because MIUI 7 for Redmi 2 Prime is still "KITKAT" not 'LOLLIPOP". You might ask what's the big deal, if we are to receive immediate security patches and updates, MIUI should be updated. Also their unwillingness to help the android developers by releasing the firmware and kernel also made me hate them more. But after around 3 months of testing and development,a stable ROM based on AOSP Lollipop is released, which "Perfoms FASTER AND BETTER THAN MIUI". So think before you start sticking to the MIUI, also onne great advantage MI provides is that software is unlocked, so you can retain warranty even if your device has software issues on custom ROM, all you have to do is flash back to MIUILoving the phone not the company 7.5/10
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	REDMI phone is the good ,but have some problem,1'st phone overheating while i put in charge,then 2'nd battery is not quality because charge in not stay in minimum one hour
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Hi I brought this phone on Feb 1st and been using this since then. The plastic feels a little let down but the finish is good enough. overall the phone is good I had some issue with touch even the home and back screens responds slowly. some of the videos I loaded from my old SD card do not play :-(  Battery is a huge let down for me - My sister gets a better deal i just use whatsap and FB. I also noticed the piece has issue with heating especially when i use apps like face book otr watch videos but the good this it cools down fast as well. I know the are piece based and if you get a good piece you are lucky or else.... But over all a good deal to buy
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Unhappy with performance. Company has to more work for better performance of product. Otherwise its absolute from Indian market
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	I purchase it within Rs.6500 from Flipkart. only problem I am getting is that the phone start getting hot when play games or browsing Internet for more then 20-30 minutes from the upper back and screen start flickering.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	First of all ,as usual Flipkart service is awesome timely delivery, good packaging. Regarding the product, performance wise phone is very good , no hang problem. Has some vibration issue, vibration is equivalent to No. Thats why given 3 stars because is very important feature of a cellphone. This problem is in all Redmi 2 phones otherwise phone is pretty much fine.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	only camera clarity is bad like a 5 Mega Pixel. other than mobile is fantastic. battery is little bit disappointed
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Good buy in this price rangeAfter 3months of use I am writing this reviewProsGood batteryNo hangUser friendlyNice user interfaceConsBattery drains when large mkv files saved in SD cardAn yellow spot appeared on left side of screen
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	battery backup is not so good camera quality is more than average over all its a very good specification under this price range
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Good packing quality from MI, but poor packing from flip-kart compared with previous delivery not satisfiednot satisfied with delivery person.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	good in price worth have this cell speed is not so good but overall best in price model i have took pic best looking
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	the mobile is quite good but it has no NO support if it breaks down. I suggest to buy a phone with service center in your vicinity.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Above Average phone. Good one in this price Rear Camera 7/10Front camera 8.5/10Os takes too much ram.. only 600-700 MB for Use
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Redmi 2 mobail is good working slime & nice product, thanks to 2gb ram and 16gb rom.. everything is SMOOTH no lags. Sound is also good with good volume.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Extraordinary piece but functions after few days gets delayed.. time taken tomprocess is bit higher....good product
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Display gets blurred and shows color lines like old television..otherwise phone battery and performance is good
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Good Mobile but worst display in the category, it is almost impossible to see display in sunlight. Lenovo 6000 display far far better.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	redmi 2 prime phone good but with no ear phone assesoryhe is a bad news for redmi 2 prime earphone all compny awailebal but redmi 2 prime no availabel ........i sugestion you ear phone compulsory...............i have a 5 pic purshes redmi 2 prime phone
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Fast and efficient.... Hope it keeps on working the same way. browser friendly... budget phone and value for money.Minor drawback is MI account which connects you to cloud. you may avoid it though.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	A decent phone in the price range of 7 k. Consider improving front camera quality. A carl zeiss lens will be great. Moreover, no earphones are provided with this phone which is definitely a demerit. Xiaomi earphones are quite costly out there and the common man expects the company to provide the enhancements along with the product.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Battery drained immediately after charging , we received instruction to upgrade some software from CC people when we put for cancellation . Now it's OK.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	True feedback after use of 10 days Pros: Smooth TouchFast chargingApplications run without lag, I've tried running heavy games, it works fine.Screen is bright.Good sound qualitySupport high end Hd videos also.Xiaomi's UI is good, allows to do few more customization unlike stock Android phones like moto g series etc.Internal memory is adequate, 16GB. to store videos and songs.Size of the phone(4.7") is fine, makes it handy and hence a Unisex phone.Call recording facility :D without any external app. Cons: Both front and rear cameras are not impressive. I've seen lenovo phones in this range they have better picture clarity, be it night or day.Battery drains like anything if you're using on 3G, or running games even for an hour. For a phone with good specifications, it should have better battery power. So if you're gaming geek or a normal 3G user get a power bank.Since, it is light weight phone, smooth but that slips out of hand sometimes. So I suggest get a good cover which gives it a protection.It doesn't up come with earphones to enjoy the music on the go. So, I had to buy one. Overall, I find this phone amazing.Flipkart delivered it on time, with nice packing.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	I am writing this review after using redmi prime for more than 1 monthAs every coin has two sides,even every phone has pro's and con'sComing to the pro's ,the phone has got a very good specifications in itIts large 16gb rom makes sure that you dont need to worry for free space2Gb ram works fine with around 500 mb of free rammiui is more than awesome! it has got very good themes in it and i is very smooth at most timesCamera is good with microshots while ok for macro shotsFront camera is ok ok oneComing to consHEATING PROBLEMyeah it heats up a lotlast but not the least the back panel is some what slippery but can be managed when we put on a back case
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	HiI am happy to buy it from flipkart. Service from flipkart is very good. Coming to phone its a very bad experience for me. After buying phone in less than a 2 months it has fell down from a very low height and screen has badly damaged. After this I contacted service centre and response from them is very bad. The guy in store is speaking rude. He is saying its ur mistake why are you coming here and asking. And now it costs 2800 for glass. Apart from this everything is fine.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	now iam using mi2prime,its gud mobile but it getting more than 45 degrees heat while on using net movies and charging.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	good things-providing more features at affordable rate...smooth functioning... bad things-get heated little bit more than normal samsungs phone....rear and front camera are not upto the mark as a 8mp should be.....service centers are not giving fast solution to their xiomi customers rather the customers have to wait a lots of days
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Pretty good features, battery backup, sound quality is good.Video resolution is not that much higher what I expected, Hanged 3-4 times in 10 days, lots of updates of high memory.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	After 2 weeks full use the device overall performing well..  whenever I'm having .mkv video files in my device, the device gets heated and also drains battery super fastly. how can i fix the problem
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Best mobile phone in this budget. Camera, sound, display everything excellent. No major heating issue.Service by flipkart getting worse day by day.It took more than a week to reach me via speed-post.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	cell is awesome, but is has no anti theft protection. we could not track if we lost it. theft secqurity is more important but it hasnt
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	i got this mobile on august 19 it was awesome product at this price. The mobile was functioning very well and specs were good with 2gb ram and 16 gd rom qualcom quad core processor. But a week before i see white lines on the screen mobile was not subjected to any physical damaged,
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Nice phone, but network issues.. Sometimes the network is not their, when u make a call you can't hear anything you need to restart your phone and then make a call.....
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	phone is quite good in term of specification.camera qulity is amazing the only problem with this phone is it get heat up quickly,after using for 4 month the touch is responding late
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	My Redmi 2 prime Battery Draining So Fast . I just bought 1 week before. at night there is 90% but next day when i woke up find 20% battery Without any usage even flight mode it happen
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Some apps like freecharge, paytm are not working the payment site i not working and a error comes on the web page.themes can be downloaded only when wifi is connected ad same for software update.user iterface no doubt very goodram is not true 2 gb when i got the new phone near about 1gb was already usedmy phone does not heat up but my frnd had that proble but after replaceent it was okCan buy for this price its worth
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Pro: Fast Delivery by Flipkart. Cons: Mentioned Camera 8MP however Quality of 3 MP, Poor Camera.Internet not working on phone. just an average phone. No leader in its range
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Cutting the chase short let's directly head to the major points: Pros:absolute delight to hold in hand. sleek and stylishdisplay, touch, app handling - perfectocamera works pretty cool in good lighting(sunlight) but not that great inside.games work well with no lag and frame dropsMIUI rocks and a huge score over the rest android improvisation. Cons:major heating while gaming, but I guess it's there with all other brand devicessince the app data is not movable to sd card, there is some memory constraints too.no warranty card in box.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	Yes, this phone has double the Storage and RAM but honestly saying this is not as good as redmi 2. reasons.. 1) the screen saturation issue of screen. the screen making bright and dull saturtions after i off the screen and then turn on. this thing is happening in all other redmi prime 2 as i reviewed there comment in mi official site. 2) Battery Backup is not as good.They need to go for a 2500+ battery otherwise this is a flop. other software issues are there but i dont care for those as they got corrected via update so software is not a major issue.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	best mobile under 7000 rs but it's have a heating problem and also not work in data connection properly
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	They said we could take a new connection or swap the existing airtel sim.But the sim they gave could only get swapped.Such a scam and now they removed the offer also.But the phone is good...Redmi 2 prime.. Awesome \m/...
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	For this price you cant expect more from this phone. what they have give good ok. who want good camara and good battrie is not preferable. speaker are good and touch is also ok smooth running ofcourse. But for the basic and general use only.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	I HAVE USED IT FOR 2 DAYS NOW.AND I CAN SAY THAT ALL IS COOLEXCEPT SPEAKERS IN THE DEVICE.THEY ARE TOO TINY AND SOUND OUTPUT IS VERY VERY LOW.YOU SIMPLY CANT WATCH A SONG OIR A VIDEO WITH BUILT IN SPEAKERS
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	The phone has heating issues while calling and charging. While the phone is good but the battery back up is really very bad due to the heating issues. It is impossible to play any graphic intensive games.
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	consmy mobile is getting heated when i use internet , it is absorbing surrounding heat and getting heated up while i kept ideally in my pocket.speed is less compared to redmi 1scam quality is worse for cam lovers it is worst mobile is weight and its nice features arevery compatable while usingnot getting hangbattery is good while using continuously internet and games
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	sometime playing game suddenly stop and network issue on browsing with wifi litlle bit heating problem when playing candcrush and other hiend game other then phone is great
MI_REDMI_2_PRIME	internet connection does not work properly on 3g phone gets heat upbattery back up is not good
